= Sphinx searchd client (java api)

== Description

It's alternative of Sphinx searchd client (java api). Original version could be found at http://www.sphinxsearch.com

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License. You should have
received a copy of the GPL license along with this program; if you
did not, you can find it at http://www.gnu.org

== Download

  git clone git://github.com/erka/sphinx-java-api.git

== Compatibility

This version has full compatibility with jdk 6.
If you need compatibility with 1.4 look to tag <tt>version-0.9.9-java-1.4</tt>

== Requirements

Tests need searchd service with "test1" index. Checkout <tt>src/test/resources/sphinx_test.sql</tt> for the database setup.
The indexer and searchd daemon are automatically started for the tests, but indexer and searchd must be in your path. 
If you don't have indexer or searchd daemons into your path, you should copy
<tt>src/test/resources/junit-default.properties</tt> to <tt>src/test/resources/junit.properties</tt> and modify 
<tt>sphinx.searchd</tt> and <tt>sphinx.indexer</tt> values depends on your environment.

*Does not work for windows at this moment*

== Building

Maven 2 is used as build tool. Please visit http://maven.apache.org to get more information about maven.

===== Clean 
  mvn clean

===== Run tests
  mvn test

===== Compile java files
  mvn compile

===== Build jar 
  mvn clean package

===== Build jar without test phase
  mvn -Dmaven.test.skip=true clean package

===== Generate reports (findbugs, PMD, PCD, javadoc, code coverage, test report, checkstyle). 
  mvn clean site

Report could be found at <tt>target/site/project-reports.html</tt>.


== Support
* Michael Guymon <michael.guymon@gmail.com> http://blarg.slackworks.com
* Roman Dmytrenko <erka@kpumuk.info> http://erka.kpumuk.info
* Andrew Aksyonoff http://www.sphinxsearch.com/contacts.html
* Vladimir Fedorkov http://www.sphinxsearch.com/contacts.html